# The infinite trading card game (TCG)

One useful tool of machine learning is generating content.

Given a (relatively) small dataset we can generate an infinite manifold.  This can be
applied to raw pixels of a trading card game.

I believe this can lead to a new type of trading card game.  In which the cards are generated infinitely.

Furthermore, it may also be possible to learn and generate game rules.  

Additionally, generating infinite new games with infinite game rules
that are measurably balanced by complex sets of learned rules.

A trading card game generator.

## Generating infinitely unique cards

imgs

Each of these cards is generated.  Each represents a random variable in a probability distribution that is similar to the real distribution, but also very, very far away.

They are generated by a system known as a Generative Adversarial Network.  Two neural networks in constant battle with each other.  One network, the Generator, tries to fool the Discriminator.  Based on who wins, we can use tools known as binary cross entropy and stochastic gradient descent, we can update each side to become better at what they do.

It has a deep history and rich future.  I've been working on my own implementation here(https://github.com/255bits/hypergan).

## How does this work?

## Pdist+P/qq

This means that given enough data, we'll eventually arrive at the perfect generator for our data.

But what happens if we don't have enough data?  Or if we add significant noise to our data?  It will find a plausible infinite manifold using stochastic gradient descent.

## Learning to write

As you can tell, the text is not really text.  It has many text-like qualities, but it's gibberish.

Is there a way to give our ML algorithm a better understanding of the world?

One way that we could possibly give our generator a better representation of the english language
would be to train a different classifier that is just handwriting recognition.  The image, a different class in our generator, would be just text.  This text could be produced procedurally.

Additional experiments include:

* Using adversarial inference on the card text.  This would be neat, as you could then do things like generating a new card by it's effect.

## Learning to draw

As with the text, the drawings are nonsensical.  We could try a solution similar to the one 
attempted with teaching the generator to read.  

Other ways to do this would be to artificially extend our test set with other drawings.  Modeling of categorical or discrete values could allow for us to turn on and off different features.  For example, all of the card rules.

## Learning to understand the game

Now that our ML algorithm has generated infinite unique cards, it'd be nice to understand them.

In the next part of this series we'll talk about how to interpret from an infinite manifold.

This could get technical, as it involves extending our GAN to also be a classifier, in which
the game state changes are quantified.

What do you guys think, would an infinite trading card game be kickstarter worthy?  Email me at mikkel -at- 255bits.com with your opinion!
